MM Connect ( EVM + SOL ) fixes (#2619)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: sdk/solana/index.md

[Solana](https://solana.com/) is a high-performance network that provides fast transaction speeds and low fees.

> You can interact with users' Solana accounts in MetaMask using the [Wallet Standard](#wallet-standard) or [third-party libraries](#third-party-libraries) for Solana dapps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can allow Solana dapps to interact with users' Solana accounts in MetaMask using:

- [MetaMask Connect](#metamask-connect)
- [Framework Kit](#framework-kit)
- [Wallet Standard](#wallet-standard)
- [Third-party libraries](#third-party-libraries)
```
Could even add a note here if MetaMask Connect provides the easiest integration

## MetaMask Connect

MetaMask Connect is the easiest way to connect to Solana in MetaMask.

:::note
See the [Use MetaMask Connect Guide for JavaScript](./connect/quickstart/javascript.md) for more information.
:::

## Framework Kit

> Framework-kit supports MetaMask out-of-the-box for Solana dapps, handling RPC connections, wallet adapters, and state management for you:

Reviewer: FYI, this section reads like we're marketing for Rainbow kit, which is fine unless we actually want to push users to MetaMask Connect.
